Add globals reference (#153)
xodio/xod-docs: docs/reference/globals/README.md

---
title: Global Literals Reference
version: 0.31.0
---

# Global Literals Reference

Global literals are replaced with the corresponding values within the compilation process, but left as placeholders if you press "Show code".
So it's safe to share your projects with other people even your project uses your secret XOD Cloud API token to send some data into the cloud.

> ### `=XOD_USERNAME` (String)

Author: Almost the same thing in the "C++ Node API Reference" 🤔 Okay

Your username. You have to be logged in.

### `=XOD_PROJECT` (String)

The project name.

### `=XOD_TOKEN` (String)

> The secret XOD Cloud API token. It needs a XOD Cloud API key and internet connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secret XOD Cloud API token. If you refer this global, a XOD Cloud API _key_ should be set or generated in the project metadata (in IDE via Edit → Project Preferences). Internet connection to exchange the public key to the secret token is also required at the moment of compilation.
```
